chore Doc refactor with Admonitions (#12498)
facebook/jest: docs/Webpack.md

}
```

:::note

> Jest caches files to speed up test execution. If you updated .babelrc and Jest is still not working, try running Jest with `--no-cache`.

Reviewer: `--clearCache` sounds like better idea, or?

```suggestion
Jest caches files to speed up test execution. If you updated `.babelrc` and Jest is still not working, try running `jest --clearCache`.
```
